Migration guide to update Reference Architecture to multi include based (#665)
gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io: _posts/2021-11-23-how-to-dry-your-ref-arch.adoc

:warning-caption: :warning:
toc::[]
endif::[]

== Intro

This guide walks you through how to DRY (don't repeat yourself) up the Terragrunt configurations in the
https://gruntwork.io/reference-architecture/[Gruntwork Reference Architecture] by leveraging the multi-include feature
of Terragrunt that has been introduced in https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/releases/tag/v0.32.0[v0.32.0].
Multi-include allows you to consolidate common configurations across environments into a separate configuration file
that is imported alongside the project level configurations, drastically reducing the amount of duplicated configuration
across your project.

=== What you'll learn in this guide

This guide consists of two main sections:

<<core_concepts>>::
  An overview of the multi-include feature and how it helps to DRY up the Gruntwork Reference Architecture.

<<deployment_walkthrough>>::
  The steps you need to take to update your code to use multi-include to avoid duplicating common configuration.

[[core_concepts]]
== Core Concepts

=== Background

Terragrunt https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/releases/tag/v0.32.0[v0.32.0] introduced the feature of multiple

> include blocks, which allowed you to have different tiers of common configuration. Before this change, you were only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`include` blocks, which allowed you to have different tiers of common configuration. Before this change, you were only
```

> include blocks, which allowed you to have different tiers of common configuration. Before this change, you were only
> limited to a single set of included configuration, which was typically used for project level configuration that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`include` blocks, which allowed you to have different tiers of common configuration. Before this change, you were
limited to only a single set of included configuration, which was typically used for project level configuration that
```

affected all modules in your project (e.g., the remote state configuration). This was limiting because oftentimes you

> had additional tiers of common configuration, such as at the component level. For example, the configuration for a
> database typically does not differ much between environments, with the only differences being to the storage and
> instance size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
had additional tiers of common configuration, such as at the component level. For example, the configuration for a
database typically does not differ much between environments, with the only differences being to the storage and
instance size. Yet each environment ends up having the same configuration copied with only these minor
differences between them.
```

This limitation led to a lot of duplication in component configuration across the Reference Architecture. Overtime, the
difference between environments typically widen, especially at the application level, but for common infrastructure such

> as VPCs and Databases, it was rare for the environment level deviation to be significant. This made it difficult to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as VPCs and Databases, the environment level deviation is rarely significant. This made it difficult to
```

> manage the individual components across updates, as you needed to reflect the same changes in every environment, rather

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manage the individual components across updates, as you need to reflect the same changes in every environment, rather
```

than making the change in one place.

> Multiple include blocks allow you to extract common configuration across the different environments for a particular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple `include` blocks allow you to extract common configuration across the different environments for a particular
```

component. This common configuration is then imported to be combined with the project level configuration to manage that
component.

> To learn more about the multiple include feature, including a use case walkthrough, refer to

Reviewer: ⚠️ I'm not sure about this one.

```suggestion
To learn more about the multiple `include` feature, including a use case walkthrough, refer to
```

https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/features/keep-your-terragrunt-architecture-dry/[the official Terragrunt documentation].

[[deployment_walkthrough]]
== Deployment Walkthrough

In this guide, we will walk through how you can leverage the multiple includes feature to consolidate common configuration
files for each component. The steps in this guide are intended to be generic so that they can apply to any component in

> the Refernece Architecture. This allows you to incrementally roll out your changes instead of updating all components at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Reference Architecture. This allows you to incrementally roll out your changes instead of updating all components at
```

once.

You can checkout the latest
https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-service-catalog/tree/master/examples/for-production[for-production
example] of the Service Catalog to see what the DRY Reference Architecture looks like, and what we are aiming for. In
particular, the DRY version breaks down the common configuration into two tiers:

> - **Root `terragrunt.hcl`**: Contains configurations that are common to all accounts and environments, such as the

Reviewer: Super nit:

```suggestion
- **Root `terragrunt.hcl`**:  Configurations that are common to all accounts and environments, such as the
```

  remote state and provider configuration.

> - **One or more envcommon configuration**: Contains configurations that are common to the component across environments.

Reviewer: Super nit:
```suggestion
- **One or more envcommon configurations**: Configurations common to the component across environments.
```

  Typically, this configuration will also contain all the `dependency` definitions. These configurations are all stored
  in the `_envcommon` folder.

> Each live configuration for the components will merge these configurations together to get the final setup using
> `include` blocks. For example, the app VPC configuration has the following `include` blocks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each live child configuration for the components merges these configurations together to get the final setup using
`include` blocks. For example, the child app VPC configuration ends up with the following `include` blocks,
combining both the `root` and `envcommon` includes:
```

Terraform module that is deployed by Terragrunt.

Once you identify the component that you want to update, take an inventory of the list of Terragrunt configurations that
deploy that component across your environments. We will use this inventory to identify the common configuration across
all the deployments.

Example:

* `vpc`
** `dev/us-west-2/dev/networking/vpc`
** `stage/us-west-2/stage/networking/vpc`
** `prod/us-west-2/prod/networking/vpc`
* `openvpn-server`
** `dev/us-west-2/dev/networking/openvpn-server`
** `stage/us-west-2/stage/networking/openvpn-server`
** `prod/us-west-2/prod/networking/openvpn-server`
* `ecs-deploy-runner`
** `dev/us-west-2/mgmt/ecs-deploy-runner`
** `stage/us-west-2/mgmt/ecs-deploy-runner`
** `prod/us-west-2/mgmt/ecs-deploy-runner`
** `shared/us-west-2/mgmt/ecs-deploy-runner`
** `logs/us-west-2/mgmt/ecs-deploy-runner`
** `security/us-west-2/mgmt/ecs-deploy-runner`

The changes will be isolated to Terragrunt configuration files (syntactic changes vs semantic changes). This means that
you won't be making changes to the underlying behavior of the Terraform code or how Terraform is called. As such, there

> will be no need for rolling out the changes with `apply`, or performing any state migrations to avoid backward

Reviewer 2: Is there a quick way someone could verify they have only made terragrunt syntactic changes and have not, inadvertently, dropped a resource or changed a DB? Perhaps we could suggest running plan-all either here or at the end of the guide and explaining they should see no resource changes to be made?

Author: Yup I mention the sanity check steps at the end in Step 4. Specifically:

> 6. Sanity check the resulting Terragrunt configuration by regenerating the json output (terragrunt render-json --terragrunt-json-out updated.terragrunt.hcl.json). This should be semantically equivalent to the original snapshot you created. Use jd to verify that the json files are semantically equivalent.
> 7. Run through a final sanity check of the resulting Terragrunt configuration by running terragrunt validate and terragrunt plan. There should be no differences resulting from configuration drift.

Reviewer 2: Roger - thanks!

incompatibilities.

> Given that, the order in which the components are updated do not matter. You can update the components in whatever order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given that, the order in which the components are updated does not matter. You can update the components in whatever order
```

** `tag_for_use_with_eks`
. Cross off the `include` block, as Terragrunt does not support nested include blocks.
. Similarly, cross off the `locals` block. It will be difficult to identify which locals need to be replicated just by looking at the diff, so we will copy over all the locals initially and cull the list using a different heuristic.

Once you have the candidate configurations, you will want to run through a diff utility to cross off any that are
identified as different across environments.

There are a couple ways to go about this depending on how complex the underlying configuration files are, and how much
customization has been made since the deployment of the Reference Architecture.

* <<use_diff>>
* <<use_json>>

[[use_diff]]
===== Using `diff` to identify raw differences

If you haven't made many modifications to the component since the Reference Architecture was deployed, we recommend
using `diff` to identify the differences. For each other Terragrunt configuration, run through `diff` against the
reference point to identify differences.

For example, if we were updating the `vpc` component, we can choose `dev/us-west-2/dev/networking/vpc` as the reference

> point and run the `diff` utility against it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
point and run the `diff` utility between it and `stage` or `prod`:
```

on the output. In the `jd` output, this would be the first element in each `@` entry, or the second element of each `@`
list that has `input` as the first element.

[[step_3]]
==== Step 3: Extract common configurations

Once you have identified the list of common blocks, attributes, and input keys, the next step is to create a common
Terragrunt configuration that includes these values.

. Create a new file to house the common configuration. This should be placed somewhere that can be easily linked to
from the root of the repository. We recommend using the following folder structure:

+
----
.
├── terragrunt.hcl
└── _envcommon
    └── CATEGORY
        └── RESOURCE.hcl
----

+
Where the common configuration files are placed in `_envcommon/CATEGORY/RESOURCE.hcl`. `CATEGORY` and `RESOURCE` should
mimic the base folder structure of the Reference Architecture:

+
----
.
└── ACCOUNT
    ├── REGION
    │   ├── ENVIRONMENT
    │   │   └── CATEGORY
    │   │       └── RESOURCE
    │   └── _regional
    │       └── RESOURCE
    └── _global
        └── RESOURCE
----

+
For example, for the `vpc` component, the `CATEGORY` will be `networking`, and the `RESOURCE` will be `vpc`, resulting

> in a common configuration file located at `_envcommon/networking/vpc.hcl`.

Reviewer: The directory trees are gold! And your example here to illustrate that is very helpful.

. Once you have the common configuration, copy over all the blocks, attributes, and input keys that you identified as common in
<<step_2>> from the reference configuration into the common configuration. You should also copy any relevant comment
blocks as well so you can keep the comment references. Be sure to copy over the `locals` block as well.

. Update all relative paths to use `${get_terragrunt_dir()}`. This ensures that the relative paths would still be based
off of the original child configuration path, and not the new path where the common configuration is located. For
example, if you had the following `dependency` block:

+
[source,hcl]
----
dependency "vpc" {
  config_path = "../../networking/vpc"
}
----

+
Prepend `${get_terragrunt_dir()}` to the `config_path` attribute:

+
[source,hcl]
----
dependency "vpc" {
  config_path = "${get_terragrunt_dir()}../../networking/vpc"
}
----

> . For each `locals`, check if the local variable is used in the configuration. If you find no references for the given

Reviewer: NIT:

```suggestion
. For each variable in `locals`, check if the local variable is used in the configuration. If you find no references for the given
```

local, remove it from the block.

At this point, you should have a Terragrunt configuration file in the `_envcommon` folder that only includes the
configuration values that are common across all the environments. The next and final step of the process is to update
the child configuration to import and merge the common configuration.

[[step_4]]
==== Step 4: Update child configurations

Now that you have a common configuration file, it is time to update the child configuration to point to the new common
file. For each child Terragrunt configuration:

. Before making any changes, use the `render-json` command (`terragrunt render-json --terragrunt-json-out
original.terragrunt.hcl.json`) to snapshot a copy of the current configuration with all the blocks and attributes
rendered. The output of `render-json` is different from the one generated with `hcl2json` because it represents the
effective Terragrunt configuration, with all expressions evaluated. We will use this to sanity check the refactored
version.
. Remove all the blocks, attributes, and input keys you identified in <<step_2>>.

> . For each remaining `locals`, check if the local variable is used in the configuration. If you find no references for

Reviewer: NIT: this one reads fine even as is, but:

```suggestion
. For each remaining variable in `locals`, check if the local variable is used in the configuration. If you find no references for
```

the given local, remove it from the block.

> . Add an include block to import the common configuration for the component. To do this, you will want to use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add an `include` block to import the common configuration for the component. To do this, you will want to use the
```

  # find_in_parent_folders().
  path = "${dirname(find_in_parent_folders())}_envcommon/networking/vpc.hcl"
}
----

. Update the root `include` block with a label, if it doesn't have one. E.g., if you had:

+
[source,hcl]
----
include {
  path = find_in_parent_folders()
}
----

+
Add the label `"root"` to the block:

+
[source,hcl]
----
include "root" {
  path = find_in_parent_folders()
}
----

. Sanity check the resulting Terragrunt configuration by regenerating the json output (`terragrunt render-json
--terragrunt-json-out updated.terragrunt.hcl.json`). This should be semantically equivalent to the original snapshot you
created. Use https://github.com/josephburnett/jd[jd] to verify that the json files are semantically equivalent.

. Run through a final sanity check of the resulting Terragrunt configuration by running `terragrunt validate` and
`terragrunt plan`. There should be no differences resulting from configuration drift.

At this point, your child Terragrunt configuration should be significantly smaller, with the bulk of the logic being
moved to the common component configuration.

[[further_steps]]

> ==== (Optional) Further DRY configuration

Reviewer: Super NIT:

```suggestion
==== (Optional) Even DRYer configuration
```

This guide takes a conservative approach to refactoring the Terragrunt configurations. However, there are additional
Terragrunt features that can be leveraged to further DRY your configuration. Note that these features requires a bit

> more planning and thinking than a step by step tutorial can offer, and thus we can not provide a step by step tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more planning and thinking than a step by step tutorial can offer, and thus we cannot provide a step by step tutorial
```

as we offered above. Instead, we will describe the feature that Terragrunt offers with an example, and you can use that
as a guide to identify further blocks and attributes that can be moved to the common component configuration.

* <<deep_merge>>

> * <<expose_include>>

Reviewer: NIT:

You can make this look like this in the UI:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13165182/144324710-f4872c9f-2c27-4dad-82f1-ae1c17de4339.png)

Author: This is done! This was automatically handled when the related heading was updated to use code snippet.

  # The tag of the docker image to deploy.
  tag = string
  # The image pull policy. Can be one of IfNotPresent, Always, or Never.
  pull_policy = string
})
----

It is typical for only the `tag` attribute to be different across environments. In the guide, you would have to repeat
this configuration across the environments, but with deep merge, you can promote the `repository` and `pull_policy`
attributes to the common component configuration:

.common component configuration
[source,hcl]
----
inputs = {
  container_image = {
    repository  = "gruntwork/aws-sample-app"
    pull_policy = "IfNotPresent"
  }
}
----

.dev configuration
[source,hcl]
----
include "parent" {
  path           = "/path/to/parent/configuration"
  merge_strategy = "deep"
}

inputs = {
  container_image = {
    tag = "v0.0.4"
  }
}
----

.stage configuration
[source,hcl]
----
include "parent" {
  path           = "/path/to/parent/configuration"
  merge_strategy = "deep"
}

inputs = {
  container_image = {
    tag = "v0.0.3"
  }
}
----

In this way, you can leverage deep merge to refactor complex nested inputs in your Terragrunt configuration to further
DRY up the config.

[[expose_include]]

> ===== Expose include

Reviewer: NIT:

```suggestion
===== Expose `include`
```

might work?

child configuration to reference values that are defined in the parent configuration. These values are available with
the reference `include.LABEL`.

This is most useful to reference `locals` that are defined in the common component configuration to reuse them in the
child.

For example, if you wanted to test a new version of the module only in dev:

.common component configuration
[source,hcl]
----
locals {
  source_base_url = "git::git@github.com:gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-service-catalog.git//modules/networking/vpc"
}

terraform {
  source = "${local.source_base_url}?ref=v0.65.0"
}
----

.dev configuration
[source,hcl]
----
include "parent" {
  path   = "/path/to/parent/configuration"
  expose = true
}

terraform {
  source = "${include.parent.locals.source_base_url}?ref=v0.66.0"
}
----

Note that the availability of values is subject to the
https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/etting-started/configuration/#configuration-parsing-order[configuration parsing
order] of Terragrunt.
This means that you won't be able to reference later stage values in early stage blocks, like accessing parent `inputs`

> in `locals`.

Reviewer: Can you please add a code snippet under this paragraph that illustrates what you cannot do?

Author: Hmm I'm not sure about that. In general, I'm not a fan of putting in broken code snippets in a guide, as it's natural for people to focus on the code than the text. It's all too easy to scroll through, see the code snippet, and assume that works when the example is showing what you can't do.

Author: I added another textual example to hopefully clarify the point more: 08384da9b6b3d5d036121a22e0d84ac4f2aeb97f

Reviewer: I can see your point. Let me comment on the latest code.

Reviewer: I'll just add, seeing that example of what you can't do is _super_ helpful for me. I didn't understand fully what you meant until I saw that.

Reviewer: I'm going to resolve this because I think being a little more verbose is enough to help here.

You can work around some of this limitation by packing values in `inputs`. Terragrunt passes inputs to Terraform in a
way that Terraform ignores input values that do not correspond to an existing variable in the module. For example, if
you want to expose a reference variable that uses `dependency` blocks, you can create a private input value in the
parent configuration that references the `dependency`, and access it using exposed `include`:

.common component configuration
[source,hcl]
----
dependency "vpc" {
  config_path = "../vpc"
}

inputs = {

>   # This input variable is not defined in the underlying Terraform module. We use _ to decrease the likelihood of
>   # accidentally using a defined variable here.

Reviewer: Prevent horizontal scrolling.

```suggestion
  # This input variable is not defined in the underlying Terraform module. We use _ 
  # to decrease the likelihood of accidentally using a defined variable here.
```

This guide consists of two main sections:

<<core_concepts>>::
  An overview of the multi-include feature and how it helps to DRY up the Gruntwork Reference Architecture.

<<deployment_walkthrough>>::
  The steps you need to take to update your code to use multi-include to avoid duplicating common configuration.

[[core_concepts]]
== Core Concepts

=== Background

Terragrunt https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/releases/tag/v0.32.0[v0.32.0] introduced the feature of multiple
`include` blocks, which allowed you to have different tiers of common configuration. Before this change, you were
limited to only a single set of included configuration, which was typically used for project level configuration that
affected all modules in your project (e.g., the remote state configuration). This was limiting because oftentimes you
had additional tiers of common configuration, such as at the component level. For example, the configuration for a
database typically does not differ much between environments, with the only differences being to the storage and
instance size. Yet each environment ends up having the same configuration copied with only these minor
differences between them.

> This limitation led to a lot of duplication in component configuration across the Reference Architecture. Overtime, the

Reviewer: NIT:
```suggestion
This limitation led to a lot of duplication in component configuration across the Reference Architecture. Over time, the
```

This guide assumes you are using Terragrunt version
https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/releases/tag/v0.35.0[v0.35.0] or newer, so that all bug fixes for multiple
include blocks are patched. Please upgrade to a compatible version prior to moving on in the guide.

=== Refactoring common configurations for a component

The rest of this guide will cover how to identify and extract the common configurations for a single arbitrary component
in your Reference Architecture. These steps can be used to refactor any component that is deployed in multiple
accounts or environments in your Reference Architecture.

* <<step_1>>
* <<step_2>>
* <<step_3>>
* <<step_4>>
* <<further_steps>>

[[step_1]]
==== Step 1: Identify the component

The first step is to decide which component you would like to refactor. A component in this context is a single
Terraform module that is deployed by Terragrunt.

Once you identify the component that you want to update, take an inventory of the list of Terragrunt configurations that
deploy that component across your environments. We will use this inventory to identify the common configuration across
all the deployments.

> Example:

Reviewer: Super NIT:
```suggestion
Example inventory:
```

* `vpc`
** `dev/us-west-2/dev/networking/vpc`
** `stage/us-west-2/stage/networking/vpc`
** `prod/us-west-2/prod/networking/vpc`
* `openvpn-server`
** `dev/us-west-2/dev/networking/openvpn-server`
** `stage/us-west-2/stage/networking/openvpn-server`
** `prod/us-west-2/prod/networking/openvpn-server`
* `ecs-deploy-runner`
** `dev/us-west-2/mgmt/ecs-deploy-runner`
** `stage/us-west-2/mgmt/ecs-deploy-runner`
** `prod/us-west-2/mgmt/ecs-deploy-runner`
** `shared/us-west-2/mgmt/ecs-deploy-runner`
** `logs/us-west-2/mgmt/ecs-deploy-runner`
** `security/us-west-2/mgmt/ecs-deploy-runner`

The changes will be isolated to Terragrunt configuration files (syntactic changes vs semantic changes). This means that
you won't be making changes to the underlying behavior of the Terraform code or how Terraform is called. As such, there
will be no need for rolling out the changes with `apply`, or performing any state migrations to avoid backward

> incompatibilities.

Reviewer: Does it make sense to mention that this DRYing up process is purely a code refactor with no changes to infra or state, closer to the top of the guide?

Author: Makes sense: addressed in 80f3f5a

Reviewer: Cool, lgtm!

configurations that are common across ALL environments. Therefore, a difference in a single comparison is enough to rule
out that configuration as a common config.

Start off by choosing a reference config and generating an initial set of candidate common configurations:

. Choose one of the Terragrunt configurations as your reference point. This can be arbitrary, but we recommend using `dev` as the reference point.
. Note all the top level blocks and attributes in the reference configuration. For example, in the file https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-service-catalog/blob/6ca162dd1a8d8d6b7cf05e6a22bc4ac7bf01215f/examples/for-production/infrastructure-live/dev/us-west-2/dev/networking/vpc/terragrunt.hcl[dev/us-west-2/dev/networking/vpc/terragrunt.hcl], the list would be:
** `terraform`
** `include`
** `locals`
** `inputs`
. Also note all the top level keys in the `inputs` attribute in the reference configuration. In the same file, the list would be:
** `vpc_name`
** `num_nat_gateways`
** `cidr_block`
** `kms_key_user_iam_arns`
** `eks_cluster_names`
** `tag_for_use_with_eks`

> . Cross off the `include` block, as Terragrunt does not support nested include blocks.

Reviewer: "Cross off" makes me think we should have been really clear about what list they're working against. The first time we mention a list is in the Example Inventory list with `vpc`, `openvpn-server`, and `ecs-deploy-runner`. But now I have more points to raise.

* Inventory list: currently it is a list of 3 different example inventory lists. So I feel like really it should be formatted like "Example Inventory for VPC component", "Example Inventory for OpenVPN Server component", etc. That way people are not trying to maintain a list of multiple components. You're really only working off one at a time.
* Then in this section, further up, we should reference that inventory list of the component, and say, "augment the list with the top level blocks, and the top level input keys, for each terragrunt.hcl", if that's correct. 
* Then this point about crossing off will make more sense. We're slowly removing things to check for.
* Another point of confusion for me: what we're crossing off are all the things that are _different_, so that we end up with a reference `dev` configuration that only has what's common across accounts. So the point about "as Terragrunt does not support nested include blocks" doesn't make sense to me, because I'm thinking "remove all the differences" and now I'm wondering "why does nesting matter?" Maybe we reword the reasoning to "the include block will have to be different for each environment." And for the next point "the inputs will have to be assumed different for each environment for now. We will find the common inputs later."

I hope what I'm saying makes sense.

Author: I reworded this section: 3a46769a05b97e52faad4bdaf8c9a7e713c3d130

Hope that makes it more clear. The key here is that you are not building up the common config just yet, only tracking what should go into the common config. So this is literally an inventory of just the blocks and attributes that need to be copied over from the reference.

Regarding `include`, I changed the wording to hopefully make it more clear - does the new wording make more sense about why we are crossing off `include` immediately?

Reviewer: Thank you for making these changes! I think it's more clear now that the user is maintaining a text-file list while comparing terragrunt.hcl files. I think this works.

DRY up the config.

[[expose_include]]
===== Expose `include`

Terragrunt offers the ability to reference values defined in parent configurations through exposed includes. This
feature is enabled when the `expose = true` attribute is set on the `include` block. Exposed `include` blocks allow the
child configuration to reference values that are defined in the parent configuration. These values are available with
the reference `include.LABEL`.

This is most useful to reference `locals` that are defined in the common component configuration to reuse them in the
child.

For example, if you wanted to test a new version of the module only in dev:

.common component configuration
[source,hcl]
----
locals {
  source_base_url = "git::git@github.com:gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-service-catalog.git//modules/networking/vpc"
}

terraform {
  source = "${local.source_base_url}?ref=v0.65.0"
}
----

.dev configuration
[source,hcl]
----
include "parent" {
  path   = "/path/to/parent/configuration"
  expose = true
}

terraform {
  source = "${include.parent.locals.source_base_url}?ref=v0.66.0"
}
----

Note that the availability of values is subject to the

> https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/etting-started/configuration/#configuration-parsing-order[configuration parsing

Reviewer: https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/getting-started/configuration/#configuration-parsing-order

I think it's jus the `g` that's missing. @yorinasub17

Author: Ah good catch! Fixed it in https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io/pull/669

order] of Terragrunt.

> This means that you won't be able to reference later stage values in early stage blocks, like accessing parent `inputs`
> in `locals` or trying to reference a `dependency` in `locals`.

Reviewer: So, the website is down at the moment and I forgot the config parsing order, but I can intuit that `inputs` come last. I'm guessing it goes, `locals`, then `dependency`, then `inputs`, because it's possible to reference locals within dependency blocks.

I think a little more wording would make it just a bit clearer:

```suggestion
This means that you won't be able to reference later stage values in early stage blocks, like accessing parent `inputs`
in child `locals` or trying to reference a parent `dependency` in child `locals`.
```

Author: Good point! Done in https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io/pull/669

> You can work around some of this limitation by packing values in `inputs`. Terragrunt passes inputs to Terraform in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can work around some of this limitation by packing values in the parent configuration's `inputs`. Terragrunt passes inputs to Terraform in a
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io/pull/669

> You can work around some of this limitation by packing values in `inputs`. Terragrunt passes inputs to Terraform in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can work around some of this limitation by packing values in the parent configuration's `inputs`. Terragrunt passes inputs to Terraform in a
```

> way that Terraform ignores input values that do not correspond to an existing variable in the module. For example, if
> you want to expose a reference variable that uses `dependency` blocks, you can create a private input value in the
> parent configuration that references the `dependency`, and access it using exposed `include`:

Reviewer: I think it is easier to read and follow this if we are a little more verbose, just because holding a lot of state in the mind is inherently hard. So my suggestion is:

```suggestion
way that Terraform ignores input values that do not correspond to an existing variable in the module. For example,
say you want to expose a reference variable that uses the parent configuration's `dependency` blocks.
You can create a private input value in the parent configuration that references the `dependency`, 
like `dependency.vpc.outputs.vpc_id` in the example below. Now this `dependency` output can be used by child
configurations via the parent's `inputs`. Using exposed `include`, the child configuration can reference the parent's
dependency output with `include.parent.inputs._vpc_id`:
```

Author: Makes sense! I decided to reword this slightly and take advantage of the examples via interleaving. WDYT of the version her? https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io/pull/669

.common component configuration
[source,hcl]
----
dependency "vpc" {
  config_path = "../vpc"
}

inputs = {

>   # This input variable is not defined in the underlying Terraform module. We use _
>   # to decrease the likelihood of accidentally using a defined variable here.

Reviewer: NIT

```suggestion
  # This input variable is for convenience only and is not defined in the underlying Terraform module.
  # We use _ to mark it as "private" and to decrease the likelihood of accidentally using a defined variable here.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io/pull/669
